make description of security options more clear (#49)
arangodb/docs: 3.5/security-security-options.md

Several options exists to restrict JavaScript application code functionality 
to just certain allowed subsets. Which subset of functionality is available
can be controlled via blacklisting and whitelisting access to individual 
components.

> The set thery for these list work as follow:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The set theory for these lists works as follow:
```

> - only a blacklist is specifiend: all is allowed except a set of items matching the blacklist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- only a blacklist is specified: all is allowed except the set of items matching the blacklist.
```

> - only a blacklist is specifiend: all is allowed except a set of items matching the blacklist.

Reviewer 2: typo specifiend

> - only a whitelist is specified: all is disallowed except a set of items matching the whitelist

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- only a whitelist is specified: all is disallowed except the set of items matching the whitelist
```

> - white and blacklist specified: all is disallowed except a set of items mathching the whitelist. From this whitelisted set, subsets can be forbidden again using blacklists.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- both whitelist and blacklist are specified: all is disallowed except the set of items matching the whitelist. From this whitelisted set, subsets can be forbidden again using the blacklist.
```

> - white and blacklist specified: all is disallowed except a set of items mathching the whitelist. From this whitelisted set, subsets can be forbidden again using blacklists.

Reviewer 2: "white and blacklist specified: everything that matches a whitelist item and does not match a blacklist item is allowed."

Values for blacklist and whitelist options need to be specified as ECMAScript 
regular expressions.
Each option can be used multiple times. When specifying more than one 

> pattern, these patterns will be combined with a _logical or_ to a more 

Reviewer 2: Don't understand "more complex pattern"
Suggest to leave it out

complex pattern. 

These patterns and how they are applied can be observed by enabling 

> `--log SECURITY=debug` in the `arangod` or `arangosh` log output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`--log.level SECURITY=debug` in the `arangod` or `arangosh` log output.
```

#### Combining patterns

> The pattern to observe most easily is the masquerading of the startup options:

Reviewer: I don't understand this sentence :man_shrugging:

    --javascript.startup-options-whitelist "^server\."
    --javascript.startup-options-whitelist "^log\."
    --javascript.startup-options-blacklist "^javascript\."

>     --javascript.startup-options-blacklist "endpoint"

Reviewer 2: Suggest to make it `"^endpoint$"`

> these sets will resolve internally to the following regular expressions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These sets will resolve internally to the following regular expressions:
```

```
--javascript.startup-options-whitelist = "^server\.|^log\."
--javascript.startup-options-blacklist = "^javascript\.|endpoint"
```

> Invoking an arangosh with these options will hide the blacklists from the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Invoking an arangosh with these startup options will hide them blacklisted options from the
```

> Invoking an arangosh with these options will hide the blacklists from the

Reviewer 2: ... will hide the blacklisted items ...

output of: 

    require('internal').options()

> and an exception will be thrown when trying to access them.

Reviewer: Why should there be an exception? Aren't the options just hidden?

#### File access
In contrast to other areas, access to directories and files from JavaScript
operations is only controlled via a whitelist, which can be specified via the startup

> option `--javascript.files-whitelist`. Thus anything not matching the whitelist

Reviewer: ```suggestion
option `--javascript.files-whitelist`. Thus any files or directories not matching the whitelist
```

> will be hidden from javascript functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
will be inaccessible from JavaScript filesystem functions.
```

For example, when using the following startup options
    

>     --javascript.files-whitelist "^/etc/required/"

Reviewer 2: Now the samples are only about directory.
Would add a file example.

The file `/etc/issue` will be allowed to accessed and all files in the directories
`/etc/required` and `/etc/mtab` plus their subdirectories will be accessible,
while access to files in any other directories 
will be disallowed from JavaScript operations, with the following exceptions:

- ArangoDB's temporary directory: JavaScript code is given access to this
  directory for storing temporary files. The temporary directory location 
  can be specified explicitly via the `--temp.path` option at startup. 
  If the option is not specified, ArangoDB will automatically use a subdirectory 
  of the system's temporary directory.
- ArangoDB's own JavaScript code, shipped with the ArangoDB release packages.
  Files in this directory and its subdirectories will be readable for JavaScript
  code running in ArangoDB. The exact path can be specified by the startup option 
  `--javascript.startup-directory`.

#### Endpoint access

The endpoint black/white listing limits access to external HTTP resources. 
In contrast to the URLs specified in the JavaScript code, the filters have
to be specified in the ArangoDB endpoints notation: 

- http:// => tcp://

> - https:// => ssl://

Reviewer 3: What about the other aliases we have (at least in client tools)?
`http+tcp`, `http+ssl`, `srv` (Windows only)...

Author: no, needs to be the propper internal representation as documented. Should I add these to that list?

> - no protocol will match http and https.

Author: we only know how to do http(s)

Filtering is done on the protocol, hostname / IP address, and the port.

Specifying `arangodb.org` will match:
 - `https://arangodb.org:777`
 - `https://arangodb.org`
 - `http://arangodb.org` 
 
Specifying `ssl://arangodb.org` will match:
 - `https://arangodb.org:777`
 - `https://arangodb.org`

Specifying `ssl://arangodb.org:443` will match:

>  - `https://arangodb.org`

Author: https defaults to 443 - so 443 is implicit here.

>  - `https://arangodb.org`

Reviewer 3: I see, but `https://arangodb.org:443` will also match then...

>  - `https://arangodb.org`

Author: exactly
